Check residue properties for selections (#332)
chemfiles/chemfiles: doc/src/selections.rst

- ``resname``: gives the residue name. If an atom is not in a residue, this
  return the empty string;
- ``[<property>]``: gives the value of the string property named `'property'`

>   for the atom or the reside. This will return an empty string (`""`) if the property is not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the atom or the residue containing the atom, if any. This will return an empty string (`""`) if the property is not
```

- ``resid``: gives the atomic residue index. If an atom is not in a residue,
  this return -1;
- ``[<property>]``: gives the value of the numeric property named `'property'`

>   for the atom or the residue. This will return 0 if the property is not set;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the atom or the residue containing the atom, if any. This will return 0 if the property is not set;
```
